Comment that was on the cycle detector code. Was useful for defining
the problem and limitations when defining the code. Might turn
into a list of constraints the user needs to adhere for the algorithm
to be guaranteed to function per spec.  Has potential
to be turned into a proof of the algorithm.  Begins by laying
out the assumptions the code is working under.


/*
Our build tool graph is directed from targets to dependencies.

It must be cycle free. This class extends `Graph` by marking
cycles that are found when descending from root nodes. Then
`lookup` will not return these nodes.

If:

 1. The production functions produce the same output given the
 same input. (Which is a given for the map definition portion of
 the graph).

 2. There are a finite number of states.

 3. Any input values that are used in the definition of the graph are not
 changed after some point in time when the graph is said to have been 'defined'.

 4. No computed values are used for changing the graph definition.

 5. No computed values direct graph traversal.

Then:

  We can write an algorithm that in turn starts at each node
  in the graph and searches for cycles, and will find all
  cycles.

  Our GraphDirectedAcyclic constructor would then not need
  to know the root nodes of the traversal.

However:

  Had the graph definition been limited to the map object, and there is no
  interaction with the build functions, we would meet the criteria.

  However, our bestowed upon the user the ability to define 'production'
  functions, which are used to build the graph dynamically at run time.

  With such production functions is possible that a a graph definition would
  emerge after a finite number of calls to the build function, and thus we still
  meet the above criteria, and do not need to give a root node list to the
  GraphDirectedAcyclic.

  When a graph is to be used with the build tool, it is required that the graph
  meet the criteria above ** when starting from the root nodes **.  However, it
  is not generally required. Hence, we provide the root nodes to this function.

  It is possible that the user defines one or more production functions,
  intentionally nor not, that results in building an unbounded graph definition.
  Further it is possible for a user to define a production that has an unbounded
  nature that results in the cycle marking method of this class from never
  finishing.

  As examples, suppose that the a production follows the digits of pi, giving
  a different node definition each time it is fed a label to recognize. Or
  suppose that a production returns an ever longer node label each time it
  is called. Such a production would cause the graph definition to be open,
  and potentially for this cycle detection algorithm to never complete.

  A production for a conventional build environment will not do these things,
  However, a buggy production for build environment, or an unconventional
  build environment not imagined at this time, could.

  A breadth first search combined programmed as a generator would be able
  to handle such cases without hanging. Where as this algorithm plunges
  down depth first, and returns when it has the answer.

*/
